the falls are back on the practice field
after a one week spring break coach
Jones preached retention of information
and with this practice number six he
will see what members of Team 118
sustained their tempo physicality and
energy coach Jones stresses mental
discipline on the first practice back
after spring break you know everything
is about having a great mental approach
the mental effort the mental intensity
that it takes on a consistent basis now
we'll see how we bounce back from a long
practice today when we practice again on
Thursday the upperclassmen have had
experience with taking practice time off
but they felt like it was their
responsibility to help their younger
teammates adjust and be ready for this
first day back we talked about all the
time leadership and accountability on
the weight room and a la couronne in
meetings and everything we do you know
we talk about leadership role I try to
give that to our guys know you guys like
oh and now even the Jordan women's
everybody we can leave you know trying
to be a one Accord know that one details
according to defensive back ladera
McNeal each position worked on specific
drills and fundamentals in practice six
I think this is most the most intense
practice we did a lot of running a lot
of conditioning the defense we really
worked on our tackling drills hand
violence and we tried to get better
today coach Jones emphasized effort and
stamina set offensive lineman Tyler
Ferguson we had a circle of
accountability yesterday where for the
lowest we had in the scrimmage we had to
do up-downs for it right so he was uh he
was wanting us to come out here and do
physical be physical and do the right
things right you know this is little
things like running off running on and
off the field run to the ball getting
set really fast I think we did a really
good job out that today it's back to the
grind as team
strives for improvement and excellence
in every area leadership and passion are
critical for each day in the weight room
the film room and here on the practice
field don't miss practice number seven
on thursday for ball report i'm sarah
mitchell